Top 10 Sources of Protein | Top list of High Quality Protein Foods
Current situations are affecting our health in a drastic way, forcing on us an unhealthy lifestyle that makes us keep unwanted bulges which distorts the shape of our body. Eating Modern Diet – convenient but poor in nutrition.

To change your body, you must first change your eating patterns, if it is difficult for you – there is a simple way; an easy and better solution for a battle with wrong eating habits – just switch on to high – quality protein diets.

For shedding extra kilos you can enjoy the Atkins diet:-

What is the ‘ATKINS DIET’?
The Atkins diet is a low – carb diet, mainly opted for weight – loss. This diet was promoted by the physician Dr. Robert C. Atkins, who wrote a best – selling book about it in 1972. In the past 12 or so years, about 20 studies have shown that low – carb diet without the need for calorie counting is effective for Weight Management and can lead to several health – benefits.

Supporters of this diet claim that it can help in losing weight while eating as much protein and fats as you want, as long as you avoid foods high in carbs. You all can follow this diet because it is a healthy and effective way to consume high – quality protein and to improve your health by getting various health benefits. You will see positive results in a few weeks.

What are High – Quality Proteins and how do they work?
Are you thinking about delicious steak sizzling on a grill, energy bar or a protein shake to banish fatigue and muscle growth during workouts or crash diet and relish mouth-watering dishes? You can relish them because of its protein content, but when it comes to making the best protein choices to keep your body and mind healthy, quality is just as important as quantity.

Protein is a macro and vital nutrient required for building, maintaining and repairing tissues, cells, and organs throughout the body. Protein gives you the energy to rise and keep going smoothly. But too much protein can be harmful to people with kidney disease, diabetes, and some other medical conditions.

Eating the right amount of  High – Quality Protein leads to:
Proper functioning of the immune system which maintains heart health and respiratory system and speeds up recovery after workouts. It is important for the growth and development of children and maintaining the health of your senior years. It can help in reducing the risk for chronic ailments such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease. It can help in improving brain function. It can improve your mood and boosts your resistance to stress, anxiety, and depression. May help you maintain a healthy weight by curbing appetite, making you feel full for a longer time and fueling you with more energy for exercising. As well as being healthy feeling energetic, protein is very important for maintaining healthy skin, nails, hair, builds muscle and maintains lean body mass.

How much High-Quality Protein do you need?
Eating healthy is important, but how much of each macronutrient – carbs, fats, and protein on a daily basis?  RDI (Recommended dietary intake), describes the minimum amount required for the body to function properly. You need protein for your muscles, bones and for the rest of our body exact need changes with age.

Babies need about 10 grams a day. School – going children need 19-34 grams a day. Teenage girls need 46 grams a day. Teenage boys need up to 52 grams a day. Adult men need about 56 grams a day. Adult women need about 46 grams a day (71 grams, if pregnant or breastfeeding). You should get at least 10% of your daily calories, but not more than 35% from protein, according to the Institute of Medicine.

Here is a List of High – Quality Protein Foods:-
Pick them according to your liking- for non-veggies; there are terrific sources of high-quality protein such as seafood, white meat (chicken), eggs. And for vegans, try milk and dairy products such as cottage cheese, yogurt and nuts like almonds, peanuts, soy, lentils, etc.

Now know more about high – quality foods:-
1-: Egg-Protein in an egg 6 g/one large egg, it is perfect for high – quality protein, versatile, low – carb and with branched –chain amino acids.

2:- Greek Yogurt – Protein 23g/8 oz serving, popular because it has twice as much protein as other types of yogurt. It’s also rich in bone-building calcium and probiotic bacteria, which is great for gut health.

3:- Cottage Cheese -14g per ½ cup serving, you can make it a healthy late-night snack, its high casein – a slow digesting protein feeds your muscles all night so they don’t catabolize and it keeps you away from waking up starving at 3 a.m.

4:- Milk – Protein in 2-percent milk is 8g /1 cup serving. You can enjoy skimmed or with fats, called as 2- percent milk has properties of absorbing the milk’s vitamin D and organic milk has the highest nutrient content, including protein and omega-3.

5:- Salmon – Protein in salmon is 23g per 3 oz serving; it is a good source of protein as well as of omega-3 fatty acids.

6:- Tuna-Protein in Light Tuna: 22g /3 oz serving, it provides a little more protein than more expensive canned white tuna.

7:- Chicken Breast (Boneless & Skinless)-Protein in it is 24g /3oz serving; this is a better protein source than other poultry cuts.

8:- Beans – Protein in Navy Beans: 20g /1 cup serving, heart-healthy beans are a great vegetarian source of protein and is rich in fiber, which is vital for healthy eating.

9:- Quinoa– Protein in quinoa: 8g /1 cup serving, it has all 9 essential amino acids and is popular for various health benefits.

10:- Chia Seeds – Powerful superfood has now become healthiest food on earth, loaded with nutrients an ounce (28g) serving contains.

Fiber: 11 g, Protein: 4g, Fat: 9g (5 of which are omega-3s), Calcium: 18% of the RDI, Manganese: 30% of the RDI, Magnesium: 30% of the RDI, and more minerals and vitamins. So proteins are very important for a healthy body and wellness.

Take good care of your body because our body is the best place to live in.
